you
[Music]
maybe another finger for the street what
our girl rod is like you know we all
come as a family like like to from
different blogs people differently
people come come from everywhere this
arrived way just to show love and just
you know it's just crazy like just all
this from just like I mean a lot of
people a lot of new people just from
riding bikes if it wasn't for a someone
who have these people out here riding
became everyday thing like since I was
younger ever since I got on a bike I
always want to ride like every day I
wake up and I want to think about my
plate there's nothing else in my mind
about my plate just something I love to
do something that makes me happy like
when I'm with a group of friends and
we're all riding I'm always got a smile
on my face it's nothing that makes me
down a pipe life is always going to be
around and it's a everyday thing even if
I'm 40 years old and I got a car I'm
still going to be on the bike because
that's what I love like I said right and
make me feel like it makes me feel happy
like I never want to get off the brake I
always want to be on the bike
like when I go home sometimes I always
want to go well on a late night riding
by myself
it's just something I love to do what I
like most about riding is like and we
get together like on social media or the
ride every day usually but like when we
get together and get groups of people to
ride like sometimes it's a hundred
300 people out on a ride out like we
have ride outs here and there but like
there's a special occasion sometimes
there's a lot of people that come sit
and ride out and that's when it's the
most fun I mean people like to start
trouble with me myself not really like
that I mean I like to ride and just have
far I'm not get in trouble but I tell
all the people that start trouble that
you're going to start trouble you guys
stay home you can try with us that's
something we don't do like we just got
there to have fun and ride so the
positive things about riding bikes like
you just on your break don't willies I
get we blast traffic we do all that but
we on our break we know order when
you're driving your car it don't matter
no like cops chase us here narrowly
that's the only trouble we're really
getting but they don't understand like
love leads out for this court like it
ain't like the big times for yet but it
really is going to be there's so many
people going on the ride and bikes
through many years you know you know
just on Instagram means and people you
know just meeting up it's crazy this
will be a faithful in one day like when
we ride it's just something that we love
to do like like it says like people
always think that we're bad people
riding in the streets like because
sometimes like cars beep at us and stuff
but we're not like bad kids and anything
we're just trying to have fun like it's
positive a lot of people out there doing
other things instead of riding bikes
like that's all we want to do is ride
bikes this is something that's in our
blood like if you really want to ride a
bike you're going to get a bike and do
it me myself I ride bikes just to stay
out of trouble and stay off the streets
like on the corners like back then when
I was younger I used to just sit outside
the store with all my friends just
chilling out there messing around
getting a little bit of trouble but then
I started getting on bikes and it was
over like I love to get on Blake's you
know ever since then I don't want to
stop and like like I said before even if
I get older and I get a license I'll
never stop riding bikes that's just
something I love to do and it's in my
blood
another banger in the street we now air
talking about like it's just a hobby
like we are Iran having fun we still
kids some people like it some people
don't like some people look like we're
probably gonna see them try hit it
willit are away no way how to get better
like for all the upcoming kids that's
trying to ride bikes let's just give it
actually bike get some cool stop breaks
you know then good just don't throw like
put your seat medium like when we first
start so like you can get used to it you
know but always keep your finger on the
brake that's one thing if you ain't got
no brakes
you only got none because well you're so
Willy without brakes plate you ain't
gonna be able to do those tricks like
all the crazy tricks and all like you
just keep working that's how you get
better like me when I was younger I
wasn't I was art because back then there
wasn't nothing crazy but sounds like
compared to now like you just watch
people just ride with people do this
online for lunches
[Music]
you
type of like a table around here and
we'll see I see bikes you might be a
bunch of different food cow
PK bigger bird the most popular one that
you want to see everybody wears the
bigger bird everybody like them because
you can William a big my favorite bike
is just so count that I'm rocking with
but she's made by sv bikes foot I'm
trying to top up on our big dripper it's
29 it like one of the only bikes in the
world that's at the end that's like 29
it adjoins lit you tell you about it but
the cell towers like a mid-level BMS 24
inch it's nice but the best bikes will
probably every bike I see some people
with hair ohms and stuff on the back
they're nice to the SE bikes they're
winners you know I gotta ask you buy you
any pop leave lucky like me started on
it so like I don't know like it's just
an easy woody bike it's a bunch of
different ones are helmet school cause
peaking prom town but the big river is
probably like the most Alan and Joan
everybody got it like there's a lot of
other companies out there like Cole
Harrow GP Trek Skyway free-agent like
there's a lot of companies out there to
have nice bikes I mean I used to ride I
used to have a traffic to have a cold I
used to have a GP a dyno which is made
by GT I never had like a free-agent
anything but I heard they're a really
good company but like I had a Verde to
also they're just other good bikes out
there that you can learn how to do
tricks and do wheelies on through combos
and stuff like that I mean there's a lot
of nice companies out there to have
decent parts that you can put on them
place to make them better like to
upgrade them and do good stuff with them
like that but
another banger for the street I mean me
myself I ride the FC Blake but I would
always get back on like a GT or anything
like that I just never switched up after
since I got to st Blake but there's a
lot of good companies out there to have
nice Blake's like se bikes that are
really popular too and you can get a lot
of stuff off your Kremlin you don't have
to have the s he'd like to get sponsored
and try to be in the middle of everyone
else and like oh yeah I got a SC Blake
that's just something everyone else got
so I wanted it no there's a lot of other
nice bikes out there that you can ride
that are still just like them like se
been around for a long time but matters
are starting to buzz like go up and up
and up like everyone wants to ask you
bike everyone and then I need an ST bike
to go to a ride out no that's not what
you need or you can have any type of
bike there's a lot of other brands out
there like shadow conspiracy jairo GT
Skyway there's a lot of bikes out there
but as he right now is the most up there
like me myself I've rock any kind of
black I don't care but like there's
other brands like the shadow conspiracy
like that's what we use for our pegs or
messy bikes chains a lot of stuff and
you got ODI grips you got different
brake lines like a lot of people use
cool stop sort of brake pads there's
different tires for different types of
color pedals and from brands like
Odyssey coal a whole bunch of other
brands out there a lot of people like to
use like over the past couple years
black legs been getting tough there's a
lot of people out here that's new that's
riding with us like black legs gonna be
around forever to me I think because I
always ride a bike even if I have a
license or not the like bike lights been
going up like from all over the world
you got people from everywhere people
always say oh you know we're going to
link up and we're going to ride and
we're going to do this and do that well
I'm telling you bike leg is not going
anywhere like it's been positive for a
couple years now like back then it
wasn't as positive
now it's up there like a lot of people a
lot of people a lot of people want to
ride like back then bike life wasn't so
serious as it is now
in fact then people didn't care they
just riding around the streets knocking
stuff over doing what they want to do
but now like the bike live scene is got
bigger and bigger like everyone wants to
ride every day like usually we meet up
we'll be like five ten deep a day but
like as on the weekends there's like a
lot more people out like a bike life
scene
it just got crazier and crazier as I see
it every day weather so many more people
are out and like people want to ride and
ride and I'm like yeah let's just go
ride let's stay out of trouble and have
fun and that's what we do that's just
something we love I didn't attack what a
bunch of people like me I can when I
don't like riding by myself you know you
can't really get hype from riding by
yourself like like you can like if
you're putting your music and all but
riding when it packed is just way
differently you just see people trying
to go like you do something they want to
tell you like it's all lovely when you
ride with effect they says it's
different means no other feeling like it
you know
well when we have write-ups were usually
started over social media like either
we'll just post it around or we just go
on a DN like with a direct message and
we just go back and forth and talk about
like what day we're going to plant it
where we're going to plan to that if
there's garages given out if people are
battling for prizes stuff like that but
usually they we do it on a social media
website which is Instagram that's the
most place everybody posted that so
that's just will be do know so right I
was like usually like this on birthday
like some like that like birthday like
somewhere did someone pass away know
like or you can just make a rock up just
to make it you know just to have fun
the birthday brought our baby tumbler it
depends who you are though that it's
like I mean anybody can make a rattle
but to get a little guy had your name in
the game like chlorine anything like his
birthday bottle if you lick max you're
gonna be less rude rowing your lips I
mean you gotta be like just certain you
gotta have like a certain amount of buzz
to have a birthday but I don't have the
look I mean usually there's not really
like a leader of a pack like when we
have ride outs and stuff like that
usually like whoever's in the front or
we just like at first like if we leave
the skate park which we usually have the
right upset we always give like a place
that we're going first and then from
there we'll just go on and on to
wherever we gotta go I mean everyone has
a right to lead the pack I mean every
time we ride there's different people in
the front there's people in the back
they go up to the front like we just go
from place to place we just try to get
everyone to go to the right way like not
up the wrong way streets and just follow
they're like follow the street logs but
a lot of people just like want to go up
the wrong way which is not a good idea
because anyone can get hit but that's
just something we don't want to happen
like is that a lot of different tricks
like
which is to win is mainly all through
the frame autumn shirts like like they
know best tricks like it's just too many
tricks to be a best trick you know
there's just a lot of tricks like you
can't really decide what trick is the
best so I just used to see people riding
up and down the street I used to see
them ride and I used to say game I'm
gonna ride now you start talking my
mom's like monk I get played and she was
like no you're too young to be out there
it's nothing but trouble everybody gets
in trouble and Blake's around the
neighborhood and all over the city I was
like come on mom can I just ride and
finally she got me a bike when I was
about like 11 and I started riding and
then after that I just started to get
nice start to learn how to wheelie I
mean it takes a long time learning how
to wheelie but it's kind of hard and
then I started to ride BMX bikes and I
started to learn how to do tricks real
damage and then I went back to Wheeling
because I like really and better than
being a met a lot of new people in the
black life movement it's just like ever
since we've been riding Lee everyone
just gets closer and closer to each
other and we're just a family it's like
no gang related to anything like that
we're just a group of kids I love to
ride bikes they're just trying to have
fun I've been riding probably about like
nine years now but like back then I
wasn't as good as I am now like back
then I used to just mess around a lot
blocks around the corner and sits around
the neighborhood but now lay guys I got
older I started to be like going Center
City different skate parks different
cities like New York DC like wherever we
go we just all get together on social
media and just start writing now having
fun like when I see new riders come up
every day and they say man Corky cheese
rattle real
I talked like I try to teach people how
to wheelie and Cory says you really
can't do it but sometimes I try to I
mean I just say to them like this keep
trying just keep trying this it's going
to take a long time to learn like it
took me a while to learn it took me
almost about a year to start learn how
to get good on the plagued lake and used
to the back breaks like some people use
foot breaks and some people use finger
breaks but it's a difference like you
got to be confident your self and learn
what you're doing and where to your
fullest to get it to how you want to
look it takes a long time and a long
period of time for a lot of people to
get used to it some people still to this
date on that oh really definitely let
them try it for so long but you'll get
there
once you keep trying and trying it just
takes a long time
[Music]